[ Keyboard clacking ]
[ Door buzzes. opens ]
That you. Wilson?
Hello?
[ Printer whirring ]
_
What the hell?
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no.
[ Computers beep ]
[ Telephones ring ]
Damn it!
[ Beeping. ringing stop ]
David. it's me.
We have a serious problem.
The network was breached.
I think they got
the project files.
I'm headed to the backup site
with the prototype now.
[ Camera whirrs ]
[ Engine turns over ]
[ Camera whirs ]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Red:
Good morning. Mr. Kaplan.
Kaplan: Gentlemen.
Oh. my God. what is this?
Vicuña. 100%.
How do I get one?
Put it on your Christmas list.
and if you're good...
Okay.
Let's see what we have here.
Your ability
to locate a crime scene
never ceases to amaze.
You're like a human bloodhound.
I've been called worse.
How long?
Judging by the rate of decay.
eight days. plus or minus.
The female died
of strangulation.
Male-- gunshot wound
to the chest. close range.
If you'd like
a ballistic analysis.
I'll need to perform
a field autopsy.
[ Laughs ]
As much as I'd love to see that.
it won't be necessary.
The whodunit
has already been solved.
Perhaps another time. though.
All right.
I don't want any indication
that we ever set foot here.
so please put it all back
the way you found it.
Of course. dearie.
How do you want to handle this.
Raymond?
Your phone.
[ Dialing ]
Female operator:
911. what's your emergency?
I'd like to report
a missing person.
Liz: Oh. it was
supposed to be a surprise.
I'm sorry. what is this?
I can't believe
you teach fourth grade
and have such little knowledge
of pop culture.
I'm sorry. I have no idea
what you're talking about.
That is Uncle Flippo.
Trust me on this.
flashlight butt will get you
some serious cred.
Come on. now. let's be fair.
I have cred.
Oh. yeah. says the man
carrying the lunch box.
[ Knock on door ]
- Mr. Keen?
- Mm-hmm.
Detective Debarros
with Metro PD.
Got a moment to talk about
Jolene Parker?
How long has she been missing?
I was hoping you could help me
with that question.
When was the last time
you saw or spoke with her?
Um... must have been
last Sunday. right?
No. uh. Saturday.
I ran into her outside.
She was looking for an apartment
in the neighborhood.
so I referred her to a friend
who's a real-estate agent.
But then she called back
to say she'd changed her mind
and that she was moving
to Dayton with her fiancé.
Wasn't aware she had a fiancé.
You have a name?
Uh. no. I'm afraid not.
You work with Miss Parker.
is that correct?
We're talking
to all her colleagues.
Well. she. uh. subbed
for Mr. Sinnard
for a few weeks. but...
Were you close?
Uh. n-not particularly. no.
Have you already searched
her residence?
Manager at the apartment hasn't
seen her in about a week.
If she was planning to move.
she didn't give notice.
If there's anything more
we can do.
please don't hesitate to ask.
I appreciate that.
My. uh. number.
If you hear from her
or anything comes up.
Of course.
[ Whirring ]
You're late.
Sorry.
Something came up.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Is everything all right?
Yeah. fine.
What is all this?
Just a little restoration.
Of what?
The timing mechanism
for an explosive device?
Ah. ah. ah. ah!
Should I be worried?
Yes.
But not about this.
What am I looking at?
A car accident.
Killed the driver.
Nathan Platt.
Why am I looking at it?
Because it was no accident.
The crash was engineered
by a notorious cyber criminal
known only as Ivan. or Ivan.
Please.
And you know this how?
I've had some experience
with the man.
He stole from me.
His brother and I spent
a delightful evening
sharing stories
over a plate of meat jelly
and half a gallon of vodka.
All the while.
Ivan had his hand in my wallet.
My job isn't
to settle your grudges.
so I'm gonna need a little more
than your gut instinct
that Ivan was involved.
How about a confession?
Ivan took credit for the hit
in some deep. dark recess
of the internet--
a place only inhabited
by scary people
and reckless teenagers.
A place where curiosity
inevitably kills the cat.
So. Ivan ran some guy
off the road.
Or are you thinking
it's something
a little more sophisticated?
Given his technological skills.
he wouldn't even need
to get his hands dirty.
Ivan's had
a very long career--
10 years of collapsing
Russian markets.
selling off government secrets.
disrupting Siberian pipelines.
It sounds like his beef's
with Moscow.
This is the first time Ivan's
ever struck on US soil.
a fact that should have you all
very concerned.
because whatever
he has planned.
this is only
the very beginning.
Cooper: Here's the information
we have on our victim.
Nathan Gregory Platt. 43.
employed at Roy's TV Repair
since '09.
No wife. no kids.
And no affiliation
with any government agencies
or connections
to Russian business interests.
Doesn't fit with Ivan's MO.
If I could take a look
at that car's ECU.
I might be able to confirm
whether it was
electronically manipulated.
Do it.
- Aram.
- What's up?
I was wondering if you could
do me a favor.
I need to pull the phone records
for this number.
The name's Jolene Parker.
Thank you.
Let's see.
Inventory number 760209.
Here we are.
Thanks.
we'll take it from here.
Hey. can I ask you something?
Why are you here?
I'm assessing evidence.
Liz: There's no shame
in taking a couple days off.
I mean. if it were me.
I wouldn't want to be here.
Job takes my mind off Audrey.
[ Beeping ]
Hey. guys.
This thing was definitely
tampered with.
The airbag deployed
before the crash. not after.
There's a message
in the can bus
deliberately left here
for someone to find.
What is it?
32 bytes. 011010--
Okay. translation. please?
It's binary.
It spells "Ivan."
His digital signature.
What's that?
I'm not sure.
Any ideas?
Looks like some kind of
RF shielding
and a passive
satellite tracking system.
Doesn't look like something
you'd find
lying around Roy's TV Repair.
Our victim's been moonlighting.
We should take it
to the computer forensics lab.
[ Vehicles approaching ]
[ Tires screech ]
Step away from the car.
Now!
Get away from the car.
Hey. this area is restricted.
Not to me. it isn't.
And you are?
Assistant Director
Harold Cooper.
Who the hell are you?
Agent in charge Galarza.
NSA Special Projects.
Why are you detaining my people.
Agent Galarza?
Your people had a piece of stolen
technology in their possession.
Everyone all right?
Case was busted open
when we found it.
Whatever was inside
was taken from the crash scene.
What kind of classified tech
are we talking about?
Unless you have
TS/SCI vigil clearance.
I'm not at liberty to say.
Why is a special FBI task force
investigating a car accident?
Agent Galarza.
you and I both know
this is no simple car accident.
I have information
on who killed your man.
and if you want
that information.
you're gonna have to tell me
what he took.
So you can either do that now.
or we can dance for a few hours
while I secure a warrant.
But by then.
you may have lost another man.
[ Door opens. bell dings ]
Nathan Platt was one of ours--
tailored access operations
technician.
Which means what. exactly?
That he didn't repair TVs
for a living.
Then what was Platt
really working on?
This.
[ Beeping ]
Project Skeleton Key.
David Fisher
is our lead engineer.
He'll brief you on the details.
Pleased to meet you.
The Skeleton Key is the
culmination of five years of R&D
into state-of-the-art
cyber warfare.
It's designed to deliver
a knockout blow
to enemy infrastructure
in wartime.
No cruise missiles
or boots on the ground.
Defense grids. weapons systems.
and communications--
the Skeleton Key can cut through
the world's most secure networks
with the push of a button.
So. you're saying our suspect
is now in possession
of this device?
A prototype
for the control module.
We just finished it last week.
In fact. our whole operation
was about to be relocated
to a cybercom ops center
in Colorado for field testing.
Before it went missing.
Red: So. the federal government
has armed a cyber terrorist
with the digital equivalent
of a nuclear warhead.
Another fabulous example
of your tax dollars at work
and yet another reason
why I don't pay taxes.
State's reaching out
to the Russians.
but getting them to cooperate
will be one thing.
and actually finding this Ivan
will be a separate problem
altogether.
Kastrychnitski Rayon.
It's in Minsk. Belarus.
That's where Ivan is currently.
Wait. when did you learn this?
I've always known this.
And it didn't occur to you
to say something earlier?
You FBI are such blunt
instruments.
Lizzy. you don't just swoop in
and arrest a man like Ivan.
because you know what he'll tell
you once he's in custody?
Nothing.
I assume
you have a better idea?
If you want to know
what Ivan is up to.
you have to get him
to share that.
Not because he has to.
because he wants to.
How do I do that?
We create a problem for him
and then solve it.
And to do that.
we need to take a field trip.
_
Perhaps the face escapes you.
My card.
Allow me
to refresh your memory.
Grand Cayman Bank account number
1210227579.
It held approximately
$5 million.
and then. suddenly. it didn't.
[ Laughs ]
It was a clever hack.
Kudos and all that.
But I've come to collect--
with interest.
Sorry. friend.
I have no interest.
I wouldn't go out there
if I were you.
Is that some kind of a threat?
Yes. but not from me.
Seems you've stirred up
the borscht. Ivan.
Murdering that NSA troll got
the FBI talking to the FSB.
Now you're neck-deep
in the beets. Ivan.
They've issued
an arrest order for you.
According to my informant.
they're en route here now.
Of course they are.
Mmm!
This piroshki is delicious.
My point--
I can secure safe travel
for you out of the country--
for a price.
Let me guess.
$5 million plus interest?
- [ Laughs ]
- Thank you very much.
I'll pass.
[ Sirens wail ]
Oh. there's my cue.
You're on your own. comrade.
Uh...
I accept your generous offer.
I thought you might have
a change of heart.
Shall we?
$8 million.
I want it transferred
to this account.
Fine.
Let's get out of here.
Not until I have my payment.
You can't be serious.
They're gonna be here
any moment.
Then you'd better type fast.
_
Okay.
Done. See?
Do you find all those little
fingerprints on the glass distracting.
or does that sort of thing
not bother you?
[ Horn honks ]
Stop!
Ivan!
[ Doors close ]
You think he bought it?
Hell. I did.
_
[ Step creaks ]
I'm sorry.
I didn't want to wake you.
What are you doing up?
Is something wrong?
Jolene Parker--
her real name is Lucy Brooks.
What?
I heard from Detective Debarros.
She's a wanted criminal.
What's a V-i-C-A-P?
ViCAP.
It's the Bureau's
violent-criminal database.
She's a convicted felon--
robbery. aggravated assault.
Two years ago.
her parole officer in Santa Fe
reported her missing.
Hasn't been seen since.
Now she shows up as a substitute
teacher in an elementary school--
I mean.
how does that even happen?
I am so sorry.
What are you sorry for?
She was here. in our house...
in our bedroom.
And it's because of me.
Liz. that's crazy.
No. If you knew what I do...
What do you mean?
God. if she had done anything
to you...
Come on. I'm a big boy.
I can take care of myself.
Don't beat yourself up.
You could never
have known this.
You never really know people...
do you?
I'm gonna find her--
who she works for.
Whoever they are.
whatever it takes.
I'm gonna find her.
Liz. Uh. Agent Keen.
I got that information on
Jolene Parker's phone records.
What'd you find?
You were
her last outgoing call.
I was able to pull location data
from the cell towers.
That's the address
where she called you from--
La Vista Street.
over in Brookland.
Aram. you're amazing.
So. tell me. Ivan.
what are your intentions?
I assume you took
the Skeleton Key
for one of three reasons--
some dastardly deed
you have planned.
something dastardly
someone else has planned.
or you've lined up a buyer
and have no idea
what they have planned.
I'm curious. what's your price?
Honestly. I haven't given it
much thought.
Don't be coy. Ivan.
Whatever the number.
I can likely double it.
You could probably use the
retirement money right about now.
You have no idea
what I'm talking about. do you?
The hack in DC.
the NSA agent--
it wasn't me.
Then who was it?
I don't know.
but he's been using my name.
Look. my contempt
is not for the US.
It's always been with Russia.
Last thing I need
is a Hellfire drone missile
up my zadnitsa. right?
[ Laughs ] Then if you
didn't do it. who did?
Whoever it is. they're very good
at covering their tracks.
I haven't been able
to ID them yet.
Perhaps I could be
of some assistance.
So. we've reviewed
the information Ivan supplied.
It turns out
this mystery hacker
has only been operating
for about three or four months.
We've linked his profile
to a recent attack
on an encrypted defense network
coordinating
special-access programs.
That would give him intel
on black-budget projects.
The information alone
would be worth millions.
May also be how he learned
about the Skeleton Key
in the first place.
As if that is not enough.
he's also hacked himself access
to pay-porn sites
and a pile of "Mythcrash"
gift cards.
which is harder than it sounds.
He even breached the Social
Security Administration
to raise benefit payments
for someone.
Who?
Meera:
As you can see. Ms. Lee.
your payments went up by $1.200
in September.
Says who?
Social Security Administration.
You're saying you didn't notice
the extra money?
It's direct-deposited
into my account.
I never bother
to check the statement.
I just balance my checkbook.
same as I always do.
Any idea of why these payments
would have gone up like this?
I may be old.
but I'm not stupid.
I know when I am being accused
of something.
and if you think I had something
to do with this.
you are mistaken.
We believe this is the work
of a computer hacker.
We're just trying to figure out
what his connection to you
might be.
A computer hacker?
I can't even set my thermostat
without the help of my grandson.
Your grandson?
Okay. you guys will have
55 minutes.
Number-2 pencils only.
no pens this time.
Everybody check and make sure
your graphing calculators
are set to radians.
If they're not set to radians.
you're gonna have a bad time.
Okay. You can begin.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hey.
Liz: - You have a second?
- Yeah. what's up?
I'm following up some leads
on Jolene's case.
and I came across an address.
What's the address?
1896 La Vista Street.
I've never heard of it.
It's not her home address.
Maybe it's her fiancé's?
I thought I'd check it out.
I think you're cutting out.
Hey. can you hear me?
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Tom?
[ Rattling ]
[ Clatter in distance ]
[ Creak ]
Aah!
[ Grunts ]
[ Siren wailing in distance ]
The place was ransacked
before I got here.
There's even a cache of burnt
documents in a bucket outside.
but they're ashes now.
You get a visual
on the suspect?
Male. Caucasian.
over six-feet.
Uh... dark hair.
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
Excuse me.
Keen.
Ressler: We have a lead
on our suspect.
We're heading over
to Lake Hill High School.
Okay. I'm five minutes
behind you.
I don't want to step
on any toes. but...
You want to be looped
into the investigation?
Yeah. if you could copy me
on the evidence report
once you've catalogued
everything. I'd appreciate it.
- Sure.
- [ Ringing ]
Woman: Bantam Finance.
how may I direct your call?
I'm having a problem
with my account--
number Delta-Sierra-451.
Line is secure.
Proceed.
Watch post is compromised.
Bona fide's in question.
Tell Berlin I was forced
to liquidate.
What does it say about me
that my entire life fits
into six cardboard boxes?
That you're not hung up
on material things?
Or that I'm boring.
Do you know anyone
in Briargate?
No. My dad does.
Me. not so much.
First day
is gonna be so awkward.
I really hate
introducing myself to people.
You'll be fine.
It's Colorado-- free weed.
It's not free.
It's just legal.
Well. then.
I guess you're screwed.
[ Laughs ]
[ Tires screech ]
What's going on?
Ressler: Harrison Lee?
Harrison Lee?
Wait!
_
[ Fire alarms blare ]
Woman: Please proceed
to the closest emergency exit.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Please proceed
to the closest emergency exit.
Move. move. move!
Sorry.
Please proceed
to the closest emergency exit.
[ Laughs ]
So. how exactly
does a 17-year-old kid
slip through your fingers?
He hacked the school's
security system
and activated the automated
evac protocols.
If you ever find him.
ask him if he'd like to earn
some extra money.
We'll find him.
Forensics is processing
his house.
his computer. e-mails.
cell records.
Well. it sounds like you have
everything well under control.
which begs the question.
why are you here?
Have you ever seen this woman?
Hand me that piece right there.
Her name is Jolene Parker.
She was a sub at Tom's school.
But as of yesterday morning.
she's a missing person.
I found high-end
surveillance gear.
a cache of documents.
burner cells.
Was there any evidence
connecting any of this to me?
No.
Then what exactly
would you like me to do?
Turns out Jolene Parker
doesn't exist.
It's an alias.
I want to know who she is.
and I want to know why the hell
she's inserted herself
into our lives.
I can't answer that.
You can't or you won't?
Well. that's a matter
of interpretation.
Not to me.
You said there's always
something you're not telling me.
Just once. I'd like to hear
the whole truth from you.
I wish I knew the whole truth.
You know what?
Don't worry about it.
The truth is. I don't need
evidence to connect this to you.
Jolene Parker is in my life
because of you.
None of this happened until
you arrived on my doorstep.
My life was great--
my marriage. Tom.
Thank God I have Tom.
because with you.
I never know what to believe.
I have never lied to you.
How the hell would I know?
Have fun with your project.
[ Clicking ]
Harrison was using some
serious layers of encryption
on his computer.
but I was able to find
a hidden partition
filled with terabytes of data.
Who is she?
Her name's Abby Fisher.
Any relation to--
Yes. she's the daughter
of David Fisher.
lead engineer
of the Skeleton Key program.
And check this out--
she's enrolled at the same
high school as Harrison.
The photos look like they were
taken from a webcam.
He breached her computer.
surreptitiously watched her.
and it gets worse.
He hacked into her cell.
e-mail. texts.
Hell. he even got into
her mp3 collection.
He chronicles her every move.
- He's stalking her.
- Get David on the phone.
[ Beeping ]
[ Telephone rings ]
Hello?
Mr. Fisher.
this is Agent Keen.
I need to ask you a question
about your daughter.
I don't understand.
Is she familiar with a young man
named Harrison Lee--
Aram: Whoa.
Uh. I lost him.
Cooper:
What's going on?
[ Beeps ]
- What happened?
- I'm not sure. Hold on.
Doesn't make sense.
All of DC is dark.
_
He activated the Skeleton Key.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
_
[ Tires screech ]
Agent Keen. we got cut off.
What's wrong?
We believe
Abby may be in danger.
Where the hell is she?
[ Cellphone chimes ]
_
Harrison has the Skeleton Key
in his possession.
it's how he triggered
this blackout.
Is there any way to track it?
Yes. if it's active.
The key uses a standard
LTE signal. right?
You should be able
to triangulate his location
using cell towers.
You just need the IMEI
and the ICCID numbers.
_
No good.
All but one of the city's towers
are offline.
Harrison could be anywhere
in this five-mile radius.
Ressler: How could he cause
a city-wide blackout
and access cellphone networks?
The Skeleton Key gives him
precise access
to the power grid's
distribution sub stations.
He can leave what he needs
up and running
while keeping everything else
powered off.
We could use that.
Aram. are any
of the sub stations running
within
your five-mile radius?
Uh. one. and it's pulling
a lot of power.
To where?
Uh...
it's a metro station.
Green Line. Branch Avenue.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. You'll need these.
Hello?
Jackie. is that you?
Abby.
Hi.
Harrison.
What are you doing down here?
Waiting. For you.
Okay. this is gonna sound
kind of crazy.
I was just texting
my friend Jackie.
You were actually texting
with me.
What do you mean?
I just wanted this moment
to be private.
Just you and me.
W-we don't even know
each other.
I feel like I know you.
I know that you listen
to Jamestown Revival
on repeat to fall asleep.
that you bite your bottom lip
when you're nervous.
[ Sirens wailing ]
Harrison:
Don't be scared.
I'm not gonna hurt you. okay?
I'd never hurt you.
Can I just go home?
Can I please just go home?
Is that really what you want?
I know you don't want
to move to Colorado.
I know you want to stay here
and finish your senior year.
You told that to Jackie
in an e-mail.
How do you know that?
Now you don't have to move
anymore.
I made that possible.
This--
it's your dad's project.
It's why he was
being transferred.
why he had to go to Colorado.
How did you get that?
I stole it.
And now they can't continue
the program.
Don't you get it?
You don't have to move anymore.
Why would you do all of this?
Because. Abby. I love you.
- Wait!
- Aah!
Abby!
Are you okay?
Abby. wake up.
[ Police radio chatter ]
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Meera:
Go! I've got her.
Abby?
I'm Agent Malik.
Paramedics are on their way
to get you. okay?
_
[ Liz grunts ]
One step closer and I send
this thing off the tracks.
Harrison.
my name is Agent Keen.
I have nothing to say to you.
You spent the last four months
coming up with the perfect plan.
and right now.
nothing is going as expected.
All of this. it was
a romantic gesture. wasn't it?
She was supposed to fall for me
just like I fell for her.
You must feel like your whole
world is falling apart.
But it isn't.
We can end this.
Right now. you and I.
You're right.
We can.
[ Train accelerates ] _
Harrison. no!
It's too late.
This train's gonna crash.
I can't stop the train.
It's impossible to override
the control system
without access
to the Skeleton Key.
Harrison. I know you feel like
this is your only option.
but it's not.
You have a choice.
Choice?
I'm a murderer.
You and I both know that
the car accident was only that.
An accident.
You did not want that man
to die. did you?
This isn't what Abby
would want.
4-2-1-8-9.
ATCS override.
_
[ Brakes squeal ]
How much track
does that train have left?
About 5.000 yards.
Is that enough?
We're gonna crash.
What happened?
Did it crash?
I don't know.
[ Breathing heavily ]
You guys there?
[ Sighs ]
Stay put.
We're coming to get you.
Good work.
Yeah. You too.
Hey. you hungry?
Tom's cooking tonight.
so that means there will be
a ton of extra food.
Thanks. but I think
I'll just head home.
You sure?
Liz. you have someone
waiting for you at home.
You don't have to feel bad
about that.
See you tomorrow.
[ Door closes ]
- [ Liz sighs ]
- Hey. babe.
I need some wine.
preferably the entire bottle.
Oh. no. That bad?
Hey. last we talked
you were going into
Jolene's apartment.
What happened? Any word?
It's not good.
There was evidence
of foul play.
Foul play? What does--
what does that mean?
There's nothing concrete.
MPD's still processing
the apartment.
Yeah.
W-what do they know?
Do they have a suspect?
They don't. but when I went
to the apartment.
there was someone there--
a man.
He-- he knocked me down.
What?
Did he hurt you?
No. I'm fine.
Are you okay?
You were attacked. Liz.
The police are looking for him.
Did you get a good look at him.
at least?
I wish.
Just the thought of someone
doing that to you--
hurting you...
some stranger.
What do you need?
- Wine.
- [ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
_
What is this?
Be careful of your husband.
Please. I didn't do anything.
I can only lead you
to the truth.
I can't make you believe it.
Is everything okay?
I'm fine.
It's just work.
You sure?
Mm.
'Cause I hate
to break it to you.
but after two years
of marriage.
I know that that face
means you're upset.
I'm fine.
I promise.
Really?
Really.
You were right.
Come in.
What's this?
It's a 1940s
Sorrento music box.
[ Tinny music plays ]
I know this song.
When I was a little girl.
I had these terrible nightmares.
I remembered...
flashes of...
of fire and smoke.
God. so much smoke.
[ Sighs ]
My dad would
lay in bed with me...
and hold me in his arms...
and hum that song.
He'd tell me I was safe--
that everything
was gonna be okay.
You spent days
building that damn thing.
You knew about the song.
My father.
You knew I'd find out
the truth.
And you wanted me...
To know that everything
is going to be okay.
You're going to be okay.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org